SC be ready
the CD ready
I don't complete
SC be ready
CB ready we hear you
armed and ready this EV ready here they
come lock and load
armed and ready SCV ready huh to anyone
hearing this message we're pinned down
near backwater station please assist
that's fine
Sparky
sure they thought we were goners they're
bad news
Overtown
huh multiple air bogies detected ETA rot
the hell now
that's why you gonna give me orders
SCV ready yeah yeah not enough
what's going on
you want a piece of me boy
and the rear with the gear yeah yeah the
doctor is in
one piece of me boy
Roger dead what's up by desert deferral
down around us if you can reach us
please out
sure
Oh
and are you a sight for sore eyes hold
up
been rear with the gear over town orders
received
what's up I for so
you're gonna give me orders not enough
minerals with the doctor is in yep
go ahead can't wait yeah whatever big
job you're the boss ooh what so you
gonna give me orders
gateway coming
that's easy ready you're the boss
upgrade complete
SC be ready